src/main/docs/guide/introduction/whatsNew.adoc, before:

Micronaut {version} includes the following changes:

=== Core Features

==== Support Narrowing Injection by Generic Type Arguments

Micronaut can now resolve the correct bean to inject based on the generic type arguments specified on the injection point:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.inject.generics.Vehicle[tags="constructor",indent=0]

For more information see the section on <<qualifiers, Qualifying by Generic Type Arguments>>.

==== Support for using Annotation Members in Qualifiers

You can now use annotation members in qualifiers and specify which members should be excluded with the new ann:context.annotation.NonBinding[] annotation.

For more information see the section on <<qualifiers, Qualifying By Annotation Members>>.

==== Support for Limiting the Injectable Types

You can now limit the exposed types of a bean using the `typed` member of the ann:context.annotation.Bean[] annotation:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.inject.typed.V8Engine[tags="class",indent=0]

For more information see the section on <<typed, Limiting Injectable Types>>.

=== AOP Features

==== Support for Constructor Interception

It is now possible to intercept bean construction invocations through the api:aop.ConstructorInterceptor[] interface and ann:aop.AroundConstruct[] annotation.

See the section on <<lifecycleAdvise, Bean Life Cycle Advice>> for more information.

==== Support for `@PostConstruct` & `@PreDestroy` Interception

It is now possible to intercept `@PostConstruct` and `@PreDestroy` method invocations through the api:aop.MethodInterceptor[] interface and ann:aop.InterceptorBinding[] annotation.

See the section on <<lifecycleAdvise, Bean Life Cycle Advice>> for more information.

=== Module Upgrades

==== Micronaut Data 2.4.0

Huge https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-data/latest/guide/[Micronaut Data] update including many new features including:

- Full support for immutable entities. You can use Java 16 records or Kotlin immutable data classes
- Integrated support for R2DBC, now the `data-r2dbc` module is a part of the data project and shares the same code with JDBC
- Optimistic locking for JDBC/R2DBC
- Repositories now support batch insert/update/delete even with a custom query
- Rewritten entity mapper allows more complex mapping for JDBC/R2DBC entities
- Support for `@JoinTable` and `@JoinColumn` annotations
- A lot of bugfixes!

==== Micronaut Micrometer 3.4.0

The https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-micrometer/latest/guide/[Micrometer module] has been upgraded and now supports repeated definitions of the https://micrometer.io/docs/concepts#_the_timed_annotation[@Timed] annotation as well as also supporting the `@Counted` annotation for counters when you add the `micronaut-micrometer-annotation` dependency to your annotation processor classpath.

==== Micronaut Oracle Cloud 1.3.0

Micronaut's https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-oracle-cloud/latest/guide/[Oracle Cloud Integration] has been updated with support for Cloud Monitoring and Tracing.

=== Dependency Upgrades

TODO

Commit message:

Support for beans produced from fields

src/main/docs/guide/introduction/whatsNew.adoc, after:

Micronaut {version} includes the following changes:

=== Core Features

==== Support Narrowing Injection by Generic Type Arguments

Micronaut can now resolve the correct bean to inject based on the generic type arguments specified on the injection point:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.inject.generics.Vehicle[tags="constructor",indent=0]

For more information see the section on <<qualifiers, Qualifying by Generic Type Arguments>>.

==== Support for using Annotation Members in Qualifiers

You can now use annotation members in qualifiers and specify which members should be excluded with the new ann:context.annotation.NonBinding[] annotation.

For more information see the section on <<qualifiers, Qualifying By Annotation Members>>.

==== Support for Limiting the Injectable Types

You can now limit the exposed types of a bean using the `typed` member of the ann:context.annotation.Bean[] annotation:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.inject.typed.V8Engine[tags="class",indent=0]

For more information see the section on <<typed, Limiting Injectable Types>>.

==== Factories can produce bean from fields

Beans defined with the ann:context.annotation.Factory[] annotation can now produce beans from public or package protected fields, for example:

snippet::io.micronaut.docs.factories.VehicleMockSpec[tags="class",indent=0]

For more information see the <<factories, Bean Factories>> section of the documentation.

=== AOP Features

==== Support for Constructor Interception

It is now possible to intercept bean construction invocations through the api:aop.ConstructorInterceptor[] interface and ann:aop.AroundConstruct[] annotation.

See the section on <<lifecycleAdvise, Bean Life Cycle Advice>> for more information.

==== Support for `@PostConstruct` & `@PreDestroy` Interception

It is now possible to intercept `@PostConstruct` and `@PreDestroy` method invocations through the api:aop.MethodInterceptor[] interface and ann:aop.InterceptorBinding[] annotation.

See the section on <<lifecycleAdvise, Bean Life Cycle Advice>> for more information.

=== Module Upgrades

==== Micronaut Data 2.4.0

Huge https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-data/latest/guide/[Micronaut Data] update including many new features including:

- Full support for immutable entities. You can use Java 16 records or Kotlin immutable data classes
- Integrated support for R2DBC, now the `data-r2dbc` module is a part of the data project and shares the same code with JDBC
- Optimistic locking for JDBC/R2DBC
- Repositories now support batch insert/update/delete even with a custom query
- Rewritten entity mapper allows more complex mapping for JDBC/R2DBC entities
- Support for `@JoinTable` and `@JoinColumn` annotations
- A lot of bugfixes!

==== Micronaut Micrometer 3.4.0

The https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-micrometer/latest/guide/[Micrometer module] has been upgraded and now supports repeated definitions of the https://micrometer.io/docs/concepts#_the_timed_annotation[@Timed] annotation as well as also supporting the `@Counted` annotation for counters when you add the `micronaut-micrometer-annotation` dependency to your annotation processor classpath.

==== Micronaut Oracle Cloud 1.3.0

Micronaut's https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-oracle-cloud/latest/guide/[Oracle Cloud Integration] has been updated with support for Cloud Monitoring and Tracing.

=== Dependency Upgrades

TODO
